FASE Code of Conduct

FASE supports the highest professional and ethical standards, as described in this
Code of Conduct, and requires that all members commit annually to upholding these
standards as a condition of their membership.

Members hereby undertake to act in a legal, fair and ethical manner in all their
dealings with all parties.

Members undertake to cooperate fully and at all times with FASE in its enforcement
of this Code.

1. Legal responsibilities

Members will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the locations in
which they do business. Should this legal responsibility conflict with another duty
described in this Code, this legal responsibility will take priority.

Members will bring to the attention of the FASE Business Conduct Committee any
circumstances of which they become aware involving:

A member being in breach of any regulatory requirement and

Any circumstance that may reasonably lead to sanctions against the member or
a member of their staff or directors by the relevant regulatory authorities

Members will provide all reasonable lawful assistance to regulatory,
professional and law enforcement organization in the discharge of their duties,
whether in respect of themselves, another Member or a non-member.

2. Financial Responsibilities

Members should always meet their financial obligations on time. This includes, but it
not limited to, payment of debts, premium due to insurers, returns due to brokers and
insureds, sums due to employees.

Members must comply with applicable solvency or like requirements.

3. Inter-organisational Responsibilities

Members will compete fairly and honourably in the markets in which they
operate.

This includes, but is not limited to:

making no statement about fellow Members, competitors or other
market participants, privately or publicly, which they do not honestly
believe to be true and relevant based on the best information
reasonably available to them;

entering into any agreement intended to diminish competition within the
market.

4. Community Responsibilities

FASE members must conduct themselves in a manner befitting the privileges of
membership.

Members will not only comply with their obligations under law pertaining to
discrimination, but in all their dealings will take reasonable steps not to cause a
detriment to any person or organisation arising from race, sex, sexual orientation,
gender reassignment, pregnancy and maternity, married or civil partnership status,
religion or belief, age and disability.

Members are encouraged to take part in civic, charitable and philanthropic activities
which contribute to the promotion of the good standing of the insurance sector, its
contribution to the public good and the welfare of those who work in it.

Members will encourage continuing education and training for staff.

5. Relationships with Insurers

Members will deal fairly and honestly when acting on behalf of insurers. In particular
they should:

faithfully execute the underwriting guidelines of the insurers they represent;

act in the utmost good faith and gather all data necessary to make a proper
underwriting decision before putting an insurer on risk;

keep themselves up to date on the laws and regulations in all areas in which
they have authority, and advise insurers accordingly of the impact of such laws
and regulations as they affect their relationship.

6. Relationships with Brokers and Agents (or Insureds if
operating directly)

Members should deal fairly and honestly with brokers, agents or insureds (if
operating directly), and in so doing will:

consider at all times the financial stability of insurers with which the
Member places business;

make no false or misleading representation of what coverage is being
provided, or the limitations or exclusions to coverage or impose
limitations or exclusions such that the policy provides no effective benefit
to the insured.

Members should be able to demonstrate that they have carefully considered
the insurers that they represent as underwriting agents and place their and
their brokers’ customers’ business with.

Effective and appropriate due diligence is a key part of the process that
Members should perform on the insurance companies they represent as
security for the policies they provide. There is a risk to customers in the event
that an insurer fails and is unable to pay valid claims.

FASE expects MGA Members to be able to demonstrate that suitable due
diligence has been performed on the insurers that they represent and offer as
insurance security.

Members should provide clear and unambiguous detail of the
name and address of the insurer in all the relevant documentation
provided for brokers and policyholders. We expect Members to
positively avoid giving the policyholder the impression that the
MGA is the insurer and obscure the name of the insurer behind the
MGA. It is important that customers can make an informed
decision on where their insurance is being placed.

All notices of potential breach made under this Code should be
made to: Chairman of the Business Conduct Committee, FASE,
Herengracht, 124-128, 1015 BT Amsterdam, Netherlands.