A voice for Europe’s insurance innovators
FASE launches as pan-European federation for MGAs

Amsterdam, 29 October 2025 – A new federation launched today to serve the needs
of Europe’s managing general agents, connecting them with insurance capacity
providers, distributors, investors and service providers, and sharing best practices in a
rapidly growing sector of the market.
FASE (Fédération des Agences de Souscription Européennes) will offer a wide array of
informational and educational services for MGAs, through webinars, bulletins and a
monthly digital magazine, The Entrepreneurial Underwriter, providing in-depth analysis
of the opportunities and challenges that MGAs face as they seek to build their business
in Europe.
“We’re creating FASE to respond to a very clear market need,” said William Pitt, FASE
executive director. “MGAs are playing an increasingly important role in the European
insurance industry’s response to the most challenging risks, contributing to the
development of a more innovative, responsive and integrated market. Our goal is to
smooth their path.”
Mike Keating, a member of FASE’s advisory board and CEO of the MGAA, the
association of MGAs in the UK and Ireland, welcomed the launch of the European
federation. “MGAs bring product innovation and a very high standard of customer
service to the markets they serve. But they depend on close relationships with capacity
providers – insurance and reinsurance companies and Lloyd’s syndicates – to sustain
their business.”
FASE will offer opportunities for MGAs from across Europe to broaden their
relationships with capacity providers and distributors through a series of events,
including the pan-European MGA Rendezvous, [which will be held next spring in Milan].
“MGAs are, in the main, small businesses,” said Dario Spata, president of ASASE, the
recently formed Spanish MGA association, and a member of FASE’s advisory board. “In
insurance that can be a big advantage because you can move faster. But as our
members look to grow their business, they are sometimes hampered by regulatory
obstacles, data gaps, and capacity constraints. FASE can help.”

FASE launch press release draft 4, October 15, 11.26am
Applications for FASE membership are open to MGAs that have been in business for
more than a year and underwrite more than €500,000 in annual premium. Membership
is also open to insurance and reinsurance companies that are seeking to partner with
European MGAs, and to service providers that support the sector.
“No MGA is an island,” said Olaf Jonder, CEO of Dual Europe and a FASE advisory
board member. “The MGA ecosystem in Europe is expanding but it remains less
developed than in the United States, Canada and Australia. In all of those markets well-
managed and highly professional MGA associations have helped foster the sector’s
growth. We’re looking to FASE to play a similar role in Europe.”
About FASE
FASE represents the interests of MGAs doing business across Europe, including the
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, eastern European
countries not currently within the EEA, and Turkey. It is managed by an executive team
guided by an advisory board comprising representatives of MGAs and national MGA
associations, alongside representatives of major capacity providers.
FASE’s mission is to provide a forum for MGAs to expand relationships with capacity
providers, distributors, investors, and service providers; and a voice to raise awareness
of the role MGAs play in building a dynamic, innovative and responsive European
insurance market.
For more information, visit fasemaga.com
Media contact: Aline Sullivan (alinesullivan@fasemga.com) and the Dutch landline
forwarding service.

ends

MGA Fact Sheet

FASE launch press release draft 4, October 15, 11.26am
 MGAs act as agents of insurance and reinsurance companies and Lloyd’s
syndicates. They operate with delegated authority for certain pre-agreed
activities, normally including underwriting and binding risks but sometimes also
including adjusting and settling claims. 1
 Historically, insurance companies regarded MGAs primarily as a distribution
channel. But in the 21 st century, many MGAs have expanded their role
significantly in insurance product development, targeting challenging and
complex risk segments with a combination of underwriting talent and advanced
technology.
 More than 600 MGAs currently do business in Europe, transacting at least €18
billion in annual premium and growing at double digit rates. Most European
MGAs are small, often family-owned businesses, writing less than €10 million
annually in premium.
 The Netherlands and the UK are currently the most developed MGA markets.
The MGAA (Managing General Agents Association) in the UK comprises 249
members and the NVGA (Nederlandse Vereniging van Gevolmachtigde
Assurantie-bedrijven) in the Netherlands comprises 132.
 In recent years, many large MGAs have attracted substantial private equity
investments, drawn by their fee-based revenue model, advanced risk pricing
capabilities, and strong growth potential in underserved insurance markets. A
new generation of PE-backed MGA platforms is currently expanding rapidly in
Europe, often from bases in the UK and the Netherlands.
 MGAs currently have no representation in most European countries. National
MGA associations currently exist in the UK, Ireland, the Netherlands, Spain, Italy
and Belgium, countries that account for just a third of the GDP of the European
Economic Area and United Kingdom combined.
About our name
FASE is based in the Netherlands, but its name reflects the common term for MGAs in
use in France, Spain, Italy, francophone Belgium 2 , and Romania. Confusion as to the
role played by MGAs is not confined to Europe – even in the English-speaking world
they are known by eight distinct names. FASE aims to cut through the confusion