1. These terms and conditions apply between the person, firm, company or other entity specified on your booking form ("you" or "your") and FASE B.V., which is the owner, organiser, operator and/or manager of the MGA Rendezvous ("FASE"), for attendee/delegate registrations for the MGA Rendezvous specified on your booking form and your participation therein ("Event"). Please read them carefully as they contain important information. By submitting your booking to attend the Event ("Your Registration") you agree to be bound by these terms.

2. Following receipt of Your Registration, FASE will send you a confirmation email. You must pay all registration fees specified at the time of booking, including applicable taxes ("the Registration Fee"), to FASE in accordance with the FASE Payment Terms and the funds must in any case be received and cleared in full no later than the day before the Event. If payment of the Registration Fee is not received in full in cleared funds before the Event, FASE may (at its sole discretion) either require such payment as a condition of your entry to the Event or refuse you entry to the Event. Where entry to an Event is refused under this Condition 2, no refunds of any proportion of your fees already paid (if any) will be made and any balance of your fees will remain due and payable.

3. Substitute delegates who are employees within your same organisation are acceptable at any time prior to the event. To inform us of a name change, please email rendezvous@fasemga.com.

4. We regret that we are not able to transfer places between events.

5. You may not purchase registrations as an agent for any third party or sell or otherwise transfer your registration to others.

6. Delegate places can be shared between different attendees from the same organisation but not within the same conference day.

7. Overnight accommodation and travel is not included in the registration fee. However, reduced rates have been arranged at the Hotel Arts Barcelona (the conference venue) and other local hotels. Further details can be found on the delegate information section of the Event website.

8. All discounts can only be applied at the time of registration and discounts cannot be combined. All discounts are subject to FASE's approval.

9. FASE members purchasing registrations at discounted member rates must be members in good standing at the time of the Event.  Should membership dues be unpaid and outstanding at the time of the Event, you will be required to pay an additional fee to attend the MGA Rendezvous as a non-member at the applicable non-member rate.  


10. Prices for each Event are correct at the time of publication. FASE reserves the right to change the prices at any time but changes will not affect registrations which have already been invoiced. VAT at the applicable rate (currently 21%) will be charged on all registrations and you will be charged the applicable VAT rate at the time you make your booking.

11. You may cancel Your Registration in accordance with this Condition 11. If you cancel your registration 45 days or more before the Event, the Registration Fee will no longer be payable subject to an administration charge equivalent to 25% of the total amount of the Registration Fee plus any applicable VAT ("the Administration Charge"). In the event of cancellation under this Condition 11, FASE shall refund to you the Registration Fee paid (if any) less the Administration Charge. FASE regrets that the full amount of the Registration Fee remains payable in the event of your cancellation 44 days or less before the Event. All cancellations must be sent by email to rendezvous@fasemga.com and must be received by FASE. Non-payment or non-attendance does not constitute a cancellation. You acknowledge that the refund of your Registration Fee in accordance with this Condition 11 is your sole remedy in respect of any cancellation of Your Registration by you and all other liability is expressly excluded.

12. Where a Force Majeure Event has or may have (in FASE's sole reasonable opinion) an adverse impact on: (i) the ability of FASE to hold the Event at the planned venue or on the planned date; or (ii) the Event generally, then FASE shall be entitled but not obliged (in its sole discretion) to either: (i) provide alternative facilities or an alternative venue for the Event; and/or (ii) reschedule the Event; or (iii) cancel the Event. Your Registration Fee (whether or not received) shall be applied to any rearranged or rescheduled Event held pursuant to this Condition 12 and you shall not be entitled to object to such rearrangement or rescheduling. For the purpose of this Condition 12 "Force Majeure Event" means any event arising that is beyond the reasonable control of FASE including (without limitation) speaker or participant cancellation or withdrawal, supplier or contractor failure, venue damage or cancellation, industrial dispute, strike, governmental regulation, legislation or action, military action, war, fire, flood, disaster, health emergency, epidemic, pandemic, civil disturbance, riot or act of terrorism.

13. If, by reason of any Force Majeure Event, FASE is delayed in or prevented from performing any of its obligations to you, then such delay or non-performance shall not be deemed to be a breach of the contract between us and no loss or damage shall be claimed by you by reason thereof.

14. FASE has the right (at its sole discretion) to change the format, speakers, participants, content, venue, location, facilities and programme or any other aspect of the Event at any time and for any reason, whether or not due to a Force Majeure Event, in each case without liability.

15. FASE has the right (at its sole discretion) to change the date or cancel an Event at any time for any reason without any liability in excess of the Registration Fee paid. Where FASE changes the date of or cancels the Event for any reason except due to a Force Majeure Event (in which case the terms of Condition 12 shall apply) FASE shall offer you the option of attending any rearranged Event. If you promptly notify FASE in writing before the date of the Rearranged Event that you do not wish to attend it or if FASE elects not to rearrange the Event then you will (as your sole remedy) be entitled, at your discretion, to receive either a credit note or a refund in respect of your Registration Fee received by FASE.

16. To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, FASE excludes: (a) all liability for loss, injury or damage to persons or property at the Event; (b) all indemnities, warranties, representations, terms and conditions (whether express or implied); and (c) all liability for any actual or alleged indirect loss or consequential loss howsoever arising suffered by you or any loss of profits, anticipated profits, savings, loss of business revenue, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of goodwill, or any other type of economic loss (whether direct or indirect). If FASE is liable to you for any reason, FASE's total liability to you in relation to the Event (whether under these terms or conditions or otherwise) is limited to the amount of your Registration Fee received by FASE.

17. You acknowledge and agree that the provisions of Conditions 12 and 15 set out your sole remedy should the Event date or location be changed or the Event be cancelled and all other liability of FASE is expressly excluded. We advise you to take out appropriate insurance to cover any losses that you may incur.
18. FASE may (at its sole discretion) refuse admission to, or eject from the Event, any person in its absolute discretion, including (without limitation) any person who fails to comply with these terms and conditions or who in the reasonable opinion of FASE represents a security risk, nuisance or annoyance to the running of the Event. You agree to comply with all reasonable instructions issued by FASE or the venue manager or owners at the Event.

19. All unauthorised photography and the recording or transmitting of audio or visual material, data or information at the Event is expressly prohibited. You consent to filming and sound recording and photography of the Event as a delegate and you consent to the use by FASE of any such recording or photography anywhere in the world for promotional, marketing and other purposes.

20. All personal data is gathered, held and processed in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679) ("GDPR") and applicable Dutch data protection legislation. For more information about how FASE uses your personal data please see our Privacy Policy at www.fasemga.com.
21. FASE reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. However, you will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time you submit your registration.

22. No person other than you and FASE shall have the right to enforce these terms and conditions between us without the prior written agreement of you and FASE.

23. FASE reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse to accept or to cancel your registration at any time, upon which cancellation all fees paid will be refunded and no further fees will be payable.

24. These terms and conditions and the agreement between us are governed by Dutch law and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Payment Terms
Payment Terms: Payment is required within 30 days of the date of the invoice. Payment for event registrations must in any case be made prior to attendance.
VAT: All prices shown are exclusive of VAT. VAT at the applicable rate (currently 21%) will be added to your invoice and must be paid in addition to the Registration Fee.
Methods of Payment: Payments are accepted in Euros. We accept payment by credit card (Visa/Mastercard/Amex) and bank transfer.
Bank Transfers: Bank transfer details will be provided on your invoice. Payments should carry the invoice number and your company name as reference.
Contact Information
FASE B.V.
Herengracht 124-128
1015 BT Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Email: rendezvous@fasemga.com
Website: www.fasemga.com
